Update release instructions post-v2026.4.0 (#5185)
catalyst-cooperative/pudl: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/versioned_release.md

- [ ] Wait several hours for a successful build to complete ([monitor here](https://console.cloud.google.com/monitoring/dashboards/builder/992bbe3f-17e6-49c4-a9e8-8f1925d4ec24))
- [ ] Verify that the corresponding `zenodo-data-release` GHA completed successfully. If it times out less than halfway through, re-run manually (production, vYYYY.M.x, default regex, no-publish). If Zenodo is extra cranky, ignore the GHA and upload the remaining files manually.
- [ ] Activate new version on the [RTD admin panel](https://app.readthedocs.org/projects/catalystcoop-pudl/) and verify that it builds successfully.

> - [ ] Check out the `gh-pages` branch and add the new version to `available_versions.json` (automate!)

Author: @krivard Anything that we need to do beyond this?

Reviewer: oof, that branch is huge so unless you're doing more involved surgery i would actually avoid checking it out locally.

maybe this instead:

```suggestion
- [ ] Use GitHub to [edit `available_versions.json`](https://github.com/catalyst-cooperative/pudl/blob/gh-pages/available_versions.json) and add an entry for the new version (automate!)
```

Author: I think you mean it's huge in that all the different copies of our historical docs take up a bunch of space, right?

Separately, I am suspicious about the whole "10,000 untracked files" thing when one switches to that branch. Is that really normal? Seems like very odd behavior.

Reviewer: huge as in 2GB 

i went looking for the "10,000 untracked files" and couldn't make it do that anymore -- it does seem a little sus but i'm not sure what to do about it. are you able to reproduce?
